{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Consolas;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \{#appendix_scriv4lean\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 `Scriv4lean` is a command-line utility which takes MultiMarkdown file, exported from Scrivener [Scrivener], and converts it into Leanpub [Leanpub],[Armstrong2019] Markua [Armstrong2019a] format.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 It can be invoked in two basic forms: \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Somehow, console block is not correctly exported here and I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know why.\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\li720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0>Scriv4lean scrivener.mmd manuscript_folder}
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i0 Scriv4lean scrivener.mmd manuscript_folder bibliography.bib<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The first form converts MultiMarkdown file `scrivener.mmd` and creates Leanpub output files (`book.txt`, converted manuscript and image files) in the `manuscript_folder`.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The second form also includes a bibliography file in BibTeX format [BibTeX]. This allows you to use [citation]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://D17B48FE-282E-44B1-BAC9-9111A4630359"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Citations}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  and [bibliography](#appendix_autoNumbering_bibliography) functionality.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Following optional command-line parameters are supported:}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 /wait or -wait}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Starts the converter, waits for the `scrivener.mmd` to be modified, generate the output and exit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 **/server** or **-server**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Starts the converter and generates output each time `scrivener.mmd` file is modified. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0   Program can be terminated with Ctrl+C or by closing the console window.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 **/nocleanup** or **-nocleanup**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Prevents `scriv4lean` from removing image files from the folder containing `scrivener.mmd`.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0   By default `scriv4lean` cleans up folder with the exported MultiMarkdown file leaving only the `.mmd` file. By using this switch, this behavior is disabled.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 **/numbercitations** or **-numbercitations**}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Renumbers [citations keys]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://D17B48FE-282E-44B1-BAC9-9111A4630359"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Citations}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  in the order they are used in the book.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 For a practical example, see <@R:appendix_myWorkflow>, <@A:appendix_myWorkflow_scripts>}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>Add a switch that will check URLs in Bio.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}