{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red56\green164\blue1;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs26\b0\i0\fi0\li0\lin0}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The `scriv4lean` converter supports two ways of placing images in a book:}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx240\tx720\li720\fi-720\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The first option is to keep an image in a separate file and use the <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 Insert, Image Linked to File\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 command to insert it into the document.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs26\b0\i0	\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F	}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Alternatively, put images into<$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1  Research/Images<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  folder of the Scrivener document (or into any sub-folder of that folder) and then insert them with the <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 Insert, Image Linked to Document<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 command.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This book uses the second approach.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 As documented in [Armstrong2019], GIF, PNG, JPEG, SVG and zipped SVG formats are supported in Markua. `Scriv4lean` does not check the format of the inserted image. If you insert an image in an unsupported format, Leanpub will ignore it during book preparation.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 To change the appearance of the image, precede it with a list of attributes.. Supported attributes are defined in the Markua specification. The following image is inserted with attribute `\{width: 66%\}`:}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \{width: 66%\}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:484;h:215]=$PROJECT://F1952F0B-5098-4CD0-AD3C-A0B9383489E8.png\}}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa160\sl262\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Figure <$n:figure>: Inserting an image from the <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 Research/Images<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  folder<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \{float: right\}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:32;h:32]=$PROJECT://B9C03563-6470-4656-89EE-33827DEFBA5B.png\}}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 To insert a \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93floating\u8221\'94 image, place it immediately before a paragraph (there must be exactly one newline between the image and the paragraph) and embellish it with the `float` tag. The image in this paragraph uses the `float: right` alignment. Other supported values are `left`, `inside`, and `outside`.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 To provide a caption for the image, insert it just after the image and format it with the <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 Caption<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  style. This allows `scriv4lean` to automatically create list of figures (images) in the book.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::2><@r:tip>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 There must en exactly one newline between the attributes and the image and exactly one newline between the image and its caption.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This book uses Scrivener `$n` placeholder to automatically number figures. This technique works fine if you need not refer to figures from other places in the document. The chapter on }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://15A71463-28A0-4F99-9800-5A3F37A7E78F"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Tables}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  shows a different, more flexible approach.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 See <@A:appendix_autoNumbering> to learn how to generate a list of figures in the document.}}