{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0 ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;\red128\green128\blue128 ;}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch{\f0\fs26\b0\i0
This is a book for authors.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 More specifically, this is a book for authors that would like to publish a book on the Leanpub self-publishing site but don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\rquote t want to write the book in a text editor.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 There are such people out there. I know, because I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\rquote m one of them.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I have published my first book on Leanpub and it was a great experience. Almost all aspects of the creation process  \hich\f0\emdash\loch\f0  I even enjoyed writing in a text editor \hich\f0\emdash\loch\f0  was fitting me well. Almost all, except that I was terribly missing some better tooling. I wanted to move the parts of my book around (doable with plenty of small files, but cumbersome), hunting for anchors to existing chapters and sections was a pain, and I deeply missed better tools for numbering the figures, creating a list of figures and so on.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I have almost started writing my own set of add-ons for PSPad (great text editor, much recommended!) when I learned about Scrivener. Read some documentation, watched the instructional videos, and I was hooked.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Scrivener can export to many formats, but Leanpub\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\rquote s variation of Markdown is not one of them. It does, however, export to a different dialect, MultiMarkdown. Conversion between them should be simple, I\rquote
m a programmer and so I wrote the converter. And a book about it. The book you are just reading.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Both the Leanpub and Scrivener have given so much to me, I want to give something back and what better than the actual tooling that allows them to work together. This book (including its Scrivener source), templates and all the tooling are released under an open source license and you can use them with no strings attached.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0}