{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red56\green164\blue1;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91scriv4lean\u8216\'91 processor removes each part of text formatted with the <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 TODO<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  style from the book and writes it into file <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 _todo.txt<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 . This file is created in the same folder as the resulting Leanpub manuscript.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1 <$Scr_Cs::1>TODOs are collected into file _todo.txt and removed from the book.<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Each to-do is introduced with a <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\b0\i1 document path<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  leading to the document with the to-do. This allows you to find the to-do in a potentially huge book.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A to-do cannot span multiple paragraphs.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::2><@r:example>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Following lines show a partial to-do file for this book.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 `\\Introduction\\scriv4lean`}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 `Add a switch that will check URLs in Bio.`}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 `\\Writing for Leanpub\\Invisible text\\To-Dos`}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 `TODOs are collected into file _todo.txt and removed from the book.`<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You can use the `@I` [macro](#appendix_macros) to include current to-do list in the book itself. The list is included as a last step in the conversion so it will always contain the current state of the to-dos from the book. This book includes to-dos in the [To do](#include_todo) chapter. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}