{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red56\green164\blue1;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \{#appendix_macros\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 `scriv4lean` implements a simple macro replacement system.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Macros are written in form `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F\u8203\'3F@command:parameters>` where the `command` part is a single letter and is case sensitive. Following macro commands are recognized.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 a}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Converts an identifier into an anchor associated with the identifier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0   Format: `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@a:identifier>`}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Identifier can be created in an auto-numbering macro (`@n`, `@N`) or by placing an anchor on the first line of a chapter or a section.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><@r:example>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 One of the tables in this book uses macro `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@n:table=table2by3>` in its caption. Besides generating a new table number, this macro associates an anchor to the table with the `table2by3` identifier. Macro `<\u8203\'3F@a:table2by3>` therefore expands to `#anchor_to_table2by3`. This allows you to write \u8220\'93`[second table]\u8203\'3F(<@a:table2by3>)`\u8221\'94 to get \u8220\'93[second table](<@a:table2by3>)\u8221\'94.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Converts an identifier into a hyperlink to the identifier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0   Format: `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@A:identifier>`}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@A:identifier>` macro expands to `[@R:identifier]\u8203\'3F(@a:identifier)`. This in turn expands to `[name, associated with the identifier]\u8203\'3F(#anchor_to_identifier)`, which is a valid Markua cross-reference.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The identifier can be created in the `@d` macro (using the `=_chapter` or `_section` variant) or by placing an anchor on the first line of a chapter or a section.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The `@A` macro is especially useful for linking to [front and back matter documents]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://1DAE5C79-C54B-4CD0-93FB-0E92360E1F17"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Front- and back matter}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><@r:example>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 First line in <@R:appendix_myWorkflow> is `\{#appendix_myWorkflow\}`. A link to this appendix can be created with \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93`<\u8203\'3F@A:appendix_myWorkflow>`\u8221\'94 which expands to \u8220\'93<@A:appendix_myWorkflow>\u8221\'94.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 d}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Defines an identifier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0   Format: `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@d:identifier=value>`, `<\u8203\'3F@d:identifier=_chapter>`, `<\u8203\'3F@d:identifier=_section>`}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The `@d` macro has multiple use. In the first place, you can use it to define your own replacement strings. See the section on the `@r` macro for an example.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The `@d` macro can associate the number and name of the current chapter with an identifier when used in form `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@d:identifier=_chapter>`. In this case, `_chapter` represents a special placeholder which is replaced with appropriate values. `<\u8203\'3F@r:identifier>` then expands to the chapter number and `<\u8203\'3F@R:identifier>` to the chapter title.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><@r:example>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://C12B73FA-79EA-42B8-A2C1-622A1ACAF1F3"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Lists}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  chapter contains macro `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@d:ChLists=_chapter>`. This makes \u8220\'93`<\u8203\'3F@r:ChLists>`\u8221\'94 expand to \u8220\'93<@r:ChLists>\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93`<\u8203\'3F@R:ChLists>`\u8221\'94 to \u8220\'93<@R:ChLists>\u8221\'94.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 If an anchor `\{#some_anchor\}` is placed on a first line of a chapter, the `scriv4lean` converter internally executes macro `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@d:some_anchor=_chapter>`.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The `@d` macro can associate the name of the current section with an identifier when used in form `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@d:identifier=_section>`. In this case, `_section` represents a special placeholder which is replaced with the appropriate value. `<\u8203\'3F@R:identifier>` then expands to the section title.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 If an anchor `\{#some_anchor\}` is placed on a first line of a section, the `scriv4lean` converter internally executes macro `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@d:some_anchor=_section>`.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 r}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Replaces an identifier with the associated value.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0   Format: `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@r:identifier>`}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The value of an identifier can be set with a `@d`, `@n`, or `@N` macro. It can also be set by placing an anchor of the first line of the chapter or a section which indirectly invokes a `@d` macro.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><@r:example>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The first sub-document in the front matter part of this book is a <$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 Text<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  section `<<meta>>` with [section type](#appendix_sections) set to <$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 Section (Text)<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 . It contains two macros:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@d:tip=\{icon: lightbulb\}>`}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@d:example=\{icon: eye\}>`}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This allows me to start a <$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 tip<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  with `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@r:tip>` and an <$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1\cf4 example<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4  with a `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@:example>` instead of `\{icon: lightbulb\}` and `\{icon: eye\}`. If at some point I decide to change the icon used for tips or examples, I will simple update the `@d` macro in this section. Without this macro, I would have to replace `\{icon: eye\}` to `\{icon: newicon\}` in the whole document.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 R}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Replaces an identifier with the associated caption.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0   Format: `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@R:identifier>`}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Replaces an identifier with a chapter or section caption. The identifier can be set with the `@d` macro (using the `=_chapter` or `_section` variant) or by placing an anchor on the first line of a chapter or a section.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><@r:example>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 The first line in this section is `\{#appendix_macros\}`. This associates identifier `appendix_macros` with the name of the section and turns \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93`<\u8203\'3F@R:appendix_macros>`\u8221\'94 to \u8220\'93`<@R:appendix_macros>`\u8221\'94.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 n}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Generate auto-incremented number.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0   Format: `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@n:group>`, `<\u8203\'3F@n:group=identifier`>}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Generates next number in a group. Numbering starts with 1. If the `identifier` part is provided, macro also associates `identifier` with the generated number and location of the object (figure, table) preceding the macro. This allows you to use the `identifier` with `@a` and `@r` macros.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This book uses one numbering group \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  `table`. It is used to auto-number [tables]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://15A71463-28A0-4F99-9800-5A3F37A7E78F"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Tables}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><@r:example>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Macro `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@n:figure>` would generate next figure number.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 N}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Generate per-chapter auto-incremented number.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0   Format: `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@N:group>`, `<\u8203\'3F@N:group=identifier`>}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Generates next number in a group. Numbering restarts with 1 in each chapter. If the `identifier` part is provided, macro also associates `identifier` with the generated number and location of the object (figure, table) preceding the macro. This allows you to use the `identifier` with `@a` and `@r` macros.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This book uses one numbering group \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  `table`. It is used to auto-number [tables]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://15A71463-28A0-4F99-9800-5A3F37A7E78F"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Tables}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><@r:example>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 Macro `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@N:table>` would generate next table number.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 I}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Include a file.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0   Format: `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@I:file_name>`}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Includes the content of file `file_name`. The name of the file is specified relative to the folder containing the generated Leanpub manuscript. It is assumed that the file contains valid Markua format. No further post processing of the file contents is done in `scriv4lean`. File is included after all other work on the document preparation is done.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::0><@r:example>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 This book includes its own To-Dos in the [front matter](#include_todo) with the help of macro `<\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8203\'3F@I:_todo.txt>`.<!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}