{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Scrivener is a text editor. It is also a lot more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A beauty of Scrivener [Scrivener] is that it was written for authors by authors. Or at least by a bunch of people who deeply understand a creative process.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 It has everything \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a simple way to organize the book structure. Revisions. Cross-linking support. Internal organizer for research material. Internal image storage. Integration with thesaurus, dictionary, Wikipedia \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Rich text formatting. Writing statistics. Export into multiple formats. And more and more and more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s so much functionality built into Scrivener, that you should }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 not}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  just start using it. Watch the [video tutorials](https://www.literatureandlatte.com/learn-and-support/video-tutorials?os=macOS) first, or browse the [manual](https://www.literatureandlatte.com/learn-and-support/user-guides).}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Scrivener can export the document into a Markdown dialect called MultiMarkdown. It is not compatible with either of Leanpub-approved input formats, but there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s where the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://4F2BC4C8-394D-4E18-97F4-34409FB4D291"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 scriv4lean}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  converter comes into play.}}