{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The Leanpub self-publishing service [Leanpub] allows everyone to publish a book. It is a great solution for self-published authors and I am using it from my first book. There, actually, would not be my first book, if there was no Leanpub, as the very existence of the site kicked my sorry bottom into action.<$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Leanpub\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s motto is \u8220\'93Publish Early, Publish Often\u8221\'94 and this \u8220\'93continuous delivery\u8221\'94 approach suited my (bad) writing habits perfectly. I could get feedback from early readers, the book generated some income since the very beginning and readers were nagging me when I went into a dormant mode for (too many) months from time to time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Cs::0>Leanpub only creates electronic books. It will convert your masterpiece into PDF, MOBI, and EPUB format, which covers all bases. It can also prepare a special print-ready PDF which you can take to an on-demand book printing service.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The beauty of Leanpub is that it is entirely automated. You push a book to github<$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 There are other options available.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 , automated service converts your writing into all output formats and drops the result in a shared Dropbox folder. They are created for your eyes only, but whenever you fell it, you can click the Publish button and a book (or just a part of it) is released to your readers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Read more about Leanpub in [Armstrong] or just browse their web site.}}