{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0 ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;\red128\green128\blue128 ;}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch{\f0\fs26\b0\i0
The Leanpub meta-markdown template contains everything you need to write a Leanpub book: customized styles, Leanpub meta-markdown export format and template document structure. }
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0 \lquote scriv4lean\rquote  project includes two template documents. Both contain same styles and export format; the difference lies in the template document structure.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Document <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 LeanpubMetaMarkdownParts.scriv<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  should be used when you are writing a complex book, separated in multiple parts. The second template <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 LeanpubMetaMarkdown.scriv<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0
 is designed for a simpler book, one that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0 \rquote t use parts.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Both templates include multiple styles useful when writing a Leanpub book. Styles are explained along the way in this part of the book. A complete overview of Leanpub meta-markdown styles is given in <@A:appendix_LeanpubMMD>.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When exporting book for Leanpub, set <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Compile For<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  to <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 MultiMarkdown<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  and select the <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Leanpub meta-markdown<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0
 format as shown here:}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \{width: 75%\}}
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:685;h:600]=$PROJECT://7B003BE6-0126-49E4-B3AD-D9605A1B3036.png\}}
\par\pard\plain\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa160\sl262\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Figure <$n:figure>: Exporting for Leanpub<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 If you change export settings, make sure that <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Convert rich text to MultiMarkdown<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  is <$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b1 not<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  checked. If you use lists and tables, make sure that <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1
Convert tables and lists to MultiMarkdown<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  <$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f2\fs26\b1 is<!$Scr_Cs::2>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  checked.}}