{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0 ;\red255\green255\blue255 ;\red128\green128\blue128 ;\red255\green250\blue145 ;}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch{\f0\fs26\b0\i0
When you need to enter some notes in your document, but don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0 \rquote t want them to appear in the book, `scriv4lean` offers few different solutions.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 On the purely Scrivener side, you can uncheck the <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Include in Compile<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  property of a document. This will prevent it from being exported. You can also uncheck the Include checkbox in the export dialog.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:800;h:245]=$PROJECT://334E8387-919D-4D32-A64F-BC8B5DE1B94E.png\}}
\par\pard\plain\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa160\sl262\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Figure <$n:figure>: Two ways of preventing a document from being exported<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Leanpub meta-markdown<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  template simplifies this by introducing the <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Outline<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  template. This is a normal <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1
Text<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  document with <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Include in Compile<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  unchecked. Right-click on a document in the Binder and select <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Add, New From Template, outline<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0
 to add such a document to the book.}
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:732;h:261]=$PROJECT://68DA48D9-3945-43A0-8D29-03C32400A662.png\}}
\par\pard\plain\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sa160\sl262\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1>Figure <$n:figure>: Adding an *Outline* document to the Binder<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 When you want to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0 \ldblquote deactivate\rdblquote  a shorter part of your text, mark it as an <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Annotation.<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\i0  Select}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  the text is to be excluded and click <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1
Insert, Inline Annotation<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 . \{\\Scrv_annot \\color=\{\\R=0.682353\\G=0.117647\\B=0.062745\} \\text=}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 An annotation is hidden here.\\end_Scrv_annot\}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  An annotation was placed just before this statement in the Scrivener source, but it is not visible in the book.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 To select a longer part of a text, format it with the <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Comment<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  style. A comment always spans one or more paragraphs. You cannot use it to comment-out just a part of a paragraph.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch{\f1\fs26\b0\i1\cf1\cb4\highlight4 <$Scr_Ps::2>This is a comment.<!$Scr_Ps::2>}
\par\pard\plain\tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 A comment was placed just before this paragraph in the Scrivener source, but it is not visible in the book.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You can also put a `%%` sequence at the start of each line you want to comment out. `%%` indicates a Markua comment.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The last option for excluding parts of a book, <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 to-dos<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 , is described in the next section.}
\par\plain\f0\fs26\b0\i0}