{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Bold;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Following styles are used in Leanpub multi-markdown template and are supported in the `scriv4lean` converter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Aside}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks text as an [aside]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://9FEDFA6D-EA87-4102-8E1D-DDF70134A138"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Quotes}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 . Asides are used to insert short or long notes that are tangential to the main idea. }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Block Quote}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks text as a [block quote]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://9FEDFA6D-EA87-4102-8E1D-DDF70134A138"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Quotes}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 . It is used to insert quotations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Blurb}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks text as a [blurb]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://9FEDFA6D-EA87-4102-8E1D-DDF70134A138"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Quotes}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 . Blurbs are similar to asides, but shorter. They can display an icon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Caption}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks text that describes the [image]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://0E8C9432-8631-42F6-BACA-6B3748F84249"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Images}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  positioned above the caption.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Centered Text}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a [centered blurb]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://9FEDFA6D-EA87-4102-8E1D-DDF70134A138"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Quotes}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Code Block}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a longer block of [code]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://36364BBC-1F72-4688-9076-E9AB5AAAA80F"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Code}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Code Span}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a shorter (inline) span of [code]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://36364BBC-1F72-4688-9076-E9AB5AAAA80F"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Code}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Comment}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a [comment]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://6C19CE7E-5A2E-4BB0-81C9-0F0B6820C504"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Invisible text}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 . Comments are included in the exported MultiMarkdown, but will not appear in the book.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Console Block}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a quoted [console block]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://9FEDFA6D-EA87-4102-8E1D-DDF70134A138"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Quotes}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Embolden}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a [bold]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://924DB37A-C894-4BA1-ADA1-F60B78362079"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Formatting}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  text. It should never be used at the very end of a paragraph because Scrivener exports it in a weird way which breaks the book processing. Always leave at least a non-emboldened space at the end of paragraph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0   <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Embolden<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  formatting should also always start and end with a non-whitespace character. (The first and last character in marked text should not be space or tabulator.) In critical situations it is safer to use `**` to make bold text.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Emphasis}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks an [italic]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://924DB37A-C894-4BA1-ADA1-F60B78362079"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Formatting}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  text. It should never be used at the very end of a paragraph because Scrivener exports it in a weird way which breaks the book processing. Always leave at least a non-emboldened space at the end of paragraph.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0     <$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1 Emphasis<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  formatting should also always start and end with a non-whitespace character. (The first and last character in marked text should not be space or tabulator.) In critical situations it is safer to use `*` to make italic text.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Endnote}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Inserts and [endnote]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://DB090B03-AF41-4606-8DD9-1C86B7F1DE39"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Footnotes and endnotes}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Footnote}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Inserts a [footnote]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://DB090B03-AF41-4606-8DD9-1C86B7F1DE39"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Footnotes and endnotes}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Math}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Inserts a [mathematical]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://924DB37A-C894-4BA1-ADA1-F60B78362079"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Formatting}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  expression, written in LaTeX.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Poetry}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Inserts a [poetry]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://9FEDFA6D-EA87-4102-8E1D-DDF70134A138"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Quotes}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  block.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Table Caption}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a text that describes the [table]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://15A71463-28A0-4F99-9800-5A3F37A7E78F"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Tables}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  positioned above the caption.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Text Block}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a quoted [text block]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://9FEDFA6D-EA87-4102-8E1D-DDF70134A138"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Quotes}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 TODO}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a [to-do]}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://78A974FE-4871-4D7D-8A4B-F945CCF9D651"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 To-Dos}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 . To-dos are extraced from the book and collected in the <$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f2\fs26\b0\i1 _todo.txt<!$Scr_Cs::1>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  file.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 [scriv4lean] Bibliography}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a [template](appendix_autoNumbering_bibliography) that generates a list of cited works.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 [scriv4lean] List of Figures}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a [template](appendix_autoNumbering) that generates a list of figures.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 [scriv4lean] List of Tables}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 : Marks a [template](appendix_autoNumbering) that generates a list of tables.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0}