{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Calibri-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red56\green164\blue1;\red189\green244\blue155;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \{#appendix_autoNumbering\}}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 This appendix explains how the `scriv4lean` can be used to generate additional tables of content \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  list of figures, list of tables, list of citations, and more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Creating a list of figures and tables is simple. As described in chapters on }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://0E8C9432-8631-42F6-BACA-6B3748F84249"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Images}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  and }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://15A71463-28A0-4F99-9800-5A3F37A7E78F"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Tables}}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 , the important part is to mark captions with the <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Caption<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  and <$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f1\fs26\i1 Table Caption<!$Scr_Cs::0>}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  styles. After that you just have to create a one-line template which will be expanded into a full table of contents.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 The \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93List of\u8221\'94 template used in this book is `[**@Caption@**](#@Reference@)`.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 `Scriv4lean` uses this line once for each figure or table captions in the book. For each caption it replaces the `@Caption@` with the title of the caption and `@Reference@` with a reference (anchor) to the caption. As they are wrapped in a Markua link format, this will generate a hyperlink to the figure or table. The `**` is just here to make the text bold.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 You also have to tell the `scriv4lean` which part of the book represents the template. To create a list of figures, mark the template with the `[scriv4lean] List of Figures` style. To create a list of tables, mark the template with the `[scriv4lean] List of Tables` style.}
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\li720\sa240\sb240\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 <$Scr_Ps::1><@r:example>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0\cf4 You can adjust the format of the table of contents to your liking. The following list of tables was created from template `*@Caption@*`.<!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\ltrch\loch \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\cb5\highlight5 <$Scr_Ps::2>*@Caption@*<!$Scr_Ps::2>}}